c:\users\mmorr\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\Claudio\Claudio\obj\Debug\Claudio.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mmorr\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\Claudio\Claudio\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\mmorr\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\Claudio\Claudio\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\mmorr\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\Claudio\Claudio\obj\Debug\Claudio_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\mmorr\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\Claudio\Claudio\obj\Debug\Claudio_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\mmorr\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\Claudio\Claudio\bin\Debug\Claudio.exe.config
c:\users\mmorr\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\Claudio\Claudio\bin\Debug\Claudio.exe
c:\users\mmorr\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\Claudio\Claudio\bin\Debug\Claudio.pdb
c:\users\mmorr\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\Claudio\Claudio\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\mmorr\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\Claudio\Claudio\obj\Debug\Claudio.g.resources
c:\users\mmorr\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\Claudio\Claudio\obj\Debug\Claudio.exe
c:\users\mmorr\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\Claudio\Claudio\obj\Debug\Claudio.pdb
c:\users\mmorr\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\Claudio\Claudio\bin\Debug\Properties\Resources.Designer.cs
c:\users\mmorr\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\Claudio\Claudio\bin\Debug\NAudio.dll
c:\users\mmorr\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\Claudio\Claudio\bin\Debug\WaveFormRendererLib.dll
c:\users\mmorr\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\Claudio\Claudio\bin\Debug\WaveFormRendererLib.pdb
C:\Users\mmorr\OneDrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\Claudio\Claudio\obj\Debug\Login.g.cs
C:\Users\mmorr\OneDrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\Claudio\Claudio\obj\Debug\RegistrationForm.g.cs
C:\Users\mmorr\OneDrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\Claudio\Claudio\obj\Debug\Welcome.g.cs
C:\Users\mmorr\OneDrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\Claudio\Claudio\obj\Debug\Login.baml
C:\Users\mmorr\OneDrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\Claudio\Claudio\obj\Debug\RegistrationForm.baml
C:\Users\mmorr\OneDrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\Claudio\Claudio\obj\Debug\Welcome.baml
C:\Users\mmorr\OneDrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\Claudio\Claudio\bin\Debug\taglib-sharp.dll
C:\Users\mmorr\OneDrive\документы\visual studio 2017\Projects\Claudio\Claudio\bin\Debug\taglib-sharp.pdb
C:\Users\mmorr\OneDrive\Документы\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Claudio\Claudio\obj\Debug\WindowConfig.g.cs
C:\Users\mmorr\OneDrive\Документы\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Claudio\Claudio\obj\Debug\WindowConfig.baml
